rclare_mgodoy

Names: Ryan Clare, Mateo Godoy
Assignment Number: 4

Contributions: (just gonna use the third person because it's easier)
    We did partner programming on this assignment / worked together on pretty much everything. Ryan 
    focused mainly on changing the front end of the site. Changing the html pages around to fit the
    assignment specifications. He also used bootstrap to make the pages responsive to the browser
    size. He further changed the organization of the site to include a base.html file that the 
    other templates on the site extend. Similarly, Ryan created a classes.html file that contains 
    all the html code for the class details list which is updated when a user types in one of the
    input text fields. This made it easier to integrate the page with AJAX/JQuery since we just had
    to reload the classes.html template.

    Even though we worked together on most of the assignment, Mateo focused on the AJAX/JQuery
    code and integrating that with the database. He created two new functions in the
    main view controller file flask_app.py. He created an index_controller() function that serves
    the initial searchform.html template to the user. He also created a search_form() function that
    works with the jQuery code in searchform.html to reload the table of class details. In conjuction 
    with this function, Mateo wrote most of the jQuery code in searchform.html which updates the 
    table of class details whenever the user changes the input in one of the text input fields. 

    We both tested the program individually, according to the assignment specifications. In summary,
    I would say that the division of work was very even and we both got a lot out of the assignment.
  

Help Received: None
Sources of Information Used: Course materials (mostly just code handouts from the server side javascript
lectures) 
Time Spent: 10 hours
Assessment of assignment: We both felt that this assignment was the best of the semester. Learning the
jQuery stuff was super useful, especially for our semester project.